The Actual Questions

Question 1. Can we pray with non-Orthodox Christians? And what do we do when they are praying?

References:
- Elder Paisios on Common Prayers (https://www.impantokratoros.gr/6467BAA7.en.aspx) This is from his "With Pain and Love for Contemporary Man"
- Elder Paisios on Ecumenism and the Anti-Chalcedonians (also relates to question 6). Page 658 in his biography by Hieromonk Isaac
- Elder Ephraim of Katounakia on Ecumenism (https://www.impantokratoros.gr/C54EBF09.en.aspx)


Question 2. Why do we have gold in the Church and not give it to the poor?

Question 3. If we traditionally fast, why can't we have olive oil?

Question 4. Do all animals go to heaven and why are there animals in heaven?

Question 5. How was the Divine Liturgy established to what we know it as? How do we know if we're celebrating it properly?

Question 6. Are we in Communion with the Coptic Church? If not, why?

Question 7. Why is the Orthodox Church different?

Question 8. Why do we fast from olive oil?

Question 9. What are the major differences between the Catholic Church and Orthodoxy?

Question 10. How important is reading the Bible in terms of being a Christian? Are we required to read it?

Question 11. How does forgiveness work? If I forgive someone, what does that look like for me and for them, what changes? If I forgive a friend, but don't want to be around them anymore, is that forgiveness?

Question 12. Ecumenism, if I am with Protestants, is it better for me not to pray? What are examples of Ecumenism, what does it look like?

Question 13. Is the Sabbath still important after Jesus came? Jesus broke the Sabbath by healing a blind man & we have a new Covenant.

The Silly Ones

Question 1. Hi

Question 2. Christ is Risen!

Question 3. What cars do you drive? Just curious.

Question 4. How long have you been going to Holy Trinity?

Question 5. What would you do with a million dollars?

Question 6. Is fasting between meals a good idea?

Question 7. Who do you think wrote these questions? (Questions 3-7)

Question 8. Why did King David chop off the foreskins of his enemies?
